HEY, EDDIE.
( screams )
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
NOTHING, ROOMIE--
JUST WATCHING
YOU SLEEP.
WHY?
IT MAKES ME FEEL,
UM... PEACEFUL.
( chuckles ):
PLEASE.
I CAN'T SLEEP NOW.
YOU WANT ME TO SING?
NO.
LOOK, THAT'S IT. IT'S OVER.
I WANT YOU OUT.
I WANT YOU OUT OF
THE APARTMENT NOW.
WHOA. WHAT ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT, MAN?
HANNIBAL LECTER?
BETTER ROOMMATE THAN YOU.
NO, NO, SEE,
NOW I DON'T THINK
YOU'RE BEING FAIR.
ONE NIGHT YOU SEE ME
AND YOU GET SCARED.
WHAT ABOUT ALL THE OTHER NIGHTS
WHEN YOU DON'T
SEE ME, HUH?
WHAT ABOUT LAST NIGHT
WHEN YOU GOT SOME WATER
AND I WAS NICE ENOUGH
TO HIDE BEHIND THE DOOR?
WHAT'S THAT
ABOUT, HUH?
I DIDN'T REALIZE THAT.
YEAH. HUH.
GET OUT NOW!
OKAY. YOU REALLY
WANT ME OUT.
YES, PLEASE.
OKAY, THEN I WANT TO HEAR
YOU SAY YOU WANT ME OUT.
I WANT YOU OUT.
I WANT TO HEAR IT
FROM YOUR LIPS.
WHERE DID YOU
HEAR IT FROM BEFORE?!
ALL RIGHT! ALL RIGHT.
PALLY, I UNDERSTAND.
CONSIDER ME GONE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL BE OUT BY THE TIME
YOU GET HOME FROM
WORK TOMORROW.
I HEARD THAT.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
THANKS.
HEY.
WELL, LOOK
AT YOU.
FINALLY GOT THAT
TIME MACHINE
WORKING, HUH?
YOU LIKE IT?
THIS GUY WAS SELLING THEM
ON EIGHTH AVENUE
AND I LOOKED AT THEM
AND I THOUGHT
"YOU KNOW WHAT I DON'T HAVE?"
A MIRROR?
FINE. MAKE FUN.
I THINK IT'S JAUNTY.
WOW, FOR A GUY WHO'S
RECENTLY LOST HIS JOB
YOU'RE IN AN AWFULLY
GOOD MOOD.
HEY, I'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
I MEAN, IT'S NOT LIKE
I'M STARTING FROM SQUARE ONE.
I WAS DR. DRAKE RAMORAY
ON DAYS OF OUR LIVES.
I MEAN, THAT'S GOT TO HAVE
SOME KIND OF CACHE.
"CACHE"? "JAUNTY"?
CHANDLER GAVE ME
WORD-OF-THE-DAY TOILET PAPER.
OH.
I'M GOING TO GET SOME COFFEE.
HEY.
Monica:
OOH! SO, SO, SO,
DID YOU READ THE BOOK?
OH, MY GOD.
IT WAS INCREDIBLE.
DIDN'T IT LIKE
SPEAK TO YOU?
WHOA, WHOA.
WHAT BOOK IS THIS?
RACHEL, YOU HAVE
TO READ THIS BOOK.
IT'S CALLED
BE YOUR OWN WIND-KEEPER.
IT'S ABOUT HOW WOMEN NEED
TO BECOME MORE EMPOWERED.
YEAH, AND OH!
AND BUT THERE'S WIND...
AND THE WIND
CAN MAKE US GODDESSES
BUT DO YOU KNOW
WHO TAKES OUR WIND?
MEN. THEY JUST TAKE IT.
THE...
MEN JUST TAKE OUR WIND.
YUH-HUH. ALL THE TIME
CAUSE THEY ARE
THE LIGHTNING BEARERS.
WOW.
WELL, THAT SOUNDS
KIND OF COOL.
IT'S KIND OF
LIKE THE HOBBIT.
IT IS NOTHING LIKE THE HOBBIT.
GOD, IT'S LIKE READING
ABOUT EVERY RELATIONSHIP
I'VE EVER HAD...
EXCEPT FOR RICHARD.
NO. RICHARD WOULD NEVER
STEAL YOUR WIND.
NO.
HE'S YUMMY.
YES.
BUT ALL THE OTHER ONES...
OH, YES. AND THE PART ABOUT
HOW THEY'RE ALWAYS DRINKING
FROM OUR POOL OF INNER POWER
BUT GOD FORBID
WE SHOULD TAKE A SIP.
ANYBODY WANT
A CRULLER?
OKAY.
THIS IS A TYPICAL
LIGHTNING-BEARER THING.
RIGHT THERE.
IT'S LIKE, UM...
"HELLO. WHO WANTS ONE OF MY
PHALLIC-SHAPED MAN CAKES?"
Woman:
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT ALREADY.
THINGS HAPPEN.
SO YOU'RE NOT MAD AT ME
FOR GETTING FIRED
AND EVERYTHING?
JOEY, LOOK AT ME.
LOOK AT ME!
DO I HAVE LIPSTICK ON MY TEETH?
NO.
CAN WE GET BACK TO ME?
LOOK, HONEY, PEOPLE GET FIRED
LEFT AND RIGHT IN THIS BUSINESS.
I ALREADY GOT YOU AN AUDITION
FOR ANOTHER WORLD.
ALL RIGHT.
"CAB DRIVER NUMBER TWO"?
YOU'RE WELCOME.
BUT I WAS
DR. DRAKE RAMORAY.
HOW CAN I GO
FROM BEING A NEUROSURGEON
TO DRIVING A CAB?
THINGS CHANGE.
ROLL WITH THEM.
BUT THIS IS
A TWO-LINE PART.
THAT'S LIKE TAKING
A STEP BACKWARDS.
I'M NOT GOING TO DO THIS.
JOEY!
I'M GOING TO TELL YOU
THE SAME THING
I TOLD AL MINZER
AND HIS PYRAMID OF DOGS.
TAKE ANY JOB YOU CAN GET
AND DON'T MAKE ON THE FLOOR.
I'M SORRY.
I'LL SEE YOU.
OH... GOD!
OH, GOD!
I MEAN,
IT'S JUST SO...
ISN'T IT?
I MEAN, THIS IS LIKE
READING ABOUT MY OWN LIFE.
I MEAN, THIS BOOK
COULD HAVE BEEN CALLED
BE YOUR OWN WIND-KEEPER,
RACHEL.
YEAH, I DON'T THINK
IT WOULD HAVE SOLD
A MILLION COPIES
BUT IT WOULD HAVE MADE
A NICE GIFT FOR YOU.
HEY, YOU GUYS.
UH, SWEETIE,
WE'VE GOT TO GO.
NO!
NO?
NO. WHY DO WE ALWAYS
HAVE TO DO EVERYTHING
ACCORDING TO
YOUR TIMETABLE?
ACTUALLY, IT'S THE MOVIE THEATER
THAT HAS THE TIMETABLE.
IT'S SO YOU DON'T MISS
THE BEGINNING.
NO. SEE, THIS ISN'T
ABOUT THE MOVIE THEATER.
THIS IS ABOUT
YOU STEALING MY WIND.
YOU GO, GIRL!
I CAN'T PULL THAT OFF,
CAN I?
EXCUSE ME, YOUR...
YOUR-- YOUR WIND?
YES. MY WIND.
HOW DO YOU EXPECT ME TO GROW
IF YOU WON'T LET ME BLOW?
YOU KNOW I-I
DON'T HAVE A...
HAVE A, A PROBLEM...
WITH THAT.
OKAY.
I JUST... I JUST
REALLY NEED TO BE
WITH MYSELF RIGHT NOW.
I'M SORRY.
MM-MM-MM.
UH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DON'T HAVE
TO APOLOGIZE.
SORRY.
DAMN IT!
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S GOT ALL THIS STUFF
ABOUT WIND AND TREES.
THERE'S SOME KIND
OF SACRED POOL.
I DON'T REALLY GET IT
BUT SHE'S PRETTY UPSET
ABOUT IT.
SEE, THIS IS WHY I DON'T
DATE WOMEN WHO READ.
UH-OH.
WHAT? WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S MY VISA BILL.
ENVELOPE ONE OF TWO.
THAT CAN'T BE GOOD.
OPEN IT. OPEN IT.
OH, MY GOD!
WHOA!
LOOK AT THIS.
HOW DID I SPEND
SO MUCH MONEY?
THAT'S JUST THE
MINIMUM AMOUNT DUE.
THAT'S YOUR TOTAL DUE.
AAH!
WHAT? WHOA, WHOA.
$3,500 AT
"PORCELAIN SAFARI"?
MY ANIMALS.
THE GUY SAID THEY SUITED ME.
HE SPOKE WITH AN ACCENT.
I WAS CONFUSED.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO.
YOU CAN START BY DRIVING
A CAB ON ANOTHER WORLD.
WHAT?
THAT AUDITION?
THAT'S A TWO-LINE PART.
JOEY, YOU OWE $1,100
AT "I LOVE LUCITE."
SO WHAT?
SO, SUCK IT UP, MAN.
IT'S A JOB.
HEY, I DON'T NEED YOU
GETTING ALL JUDGMENTAL
AND CONDESCENDING AND PEDANTIC.
TOILET PAPER?
YEAH.
LOOK, I'M NOT BEING
ANY OF THOSE THINGS.
OKAY?
I'M JUST BEING REALISTIC.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE MY FRIEND.
I AM.
THEN TELL ME THINGS LIKE,
"JOEY, YOU'LL BE FINE"
AND "SOMETHING BIG'S GOING
TO COME ALONG. I KNOW IT."
BUT I DON'T KNOW IT.
WHAT I DO KNOW IS
THAT YOU OWE $2,300
AT "ISN'T IT CHROME-ANTIC?"
HEY, ROSS, I'M AWARE
OF WHAT I OWE.
WELL, THEN, GET SOME SENSE.
IT TOOK YOU, WHAT,
TEN YEARS TO GET THAT JOB?
HOW LONG TILL
YOU GET ANOTHER?
I DON'T WANT
TO HEAR THIS.
I'M JUST SAYING...
WELL, DON'T... JUST SAY.
YOU KNOW,
MAYBE I SHOULD JUST GO.
OKAY.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
YOU JUST THINK
ABOUT IT, OKAY?
I DON'T NEED
TO THINK ABOUT IT.
I WAS DR. DRAKE RAMORAY!
THAT WAS HUGE.
BIG THINGS ARE GOING TO HAPPEN.
YOU'LL SEE.
ROSS?
YOU STILL THERE?
( sighs )
HEY, PALLY!
OH, GOD!
EDDIE, WHAT ARE YOU
STILL DOING HERE?
AH, JUST SOME BASIC DEHYDRATING
OF A FEW FRUITS AND VEGETABLES.
MAN ALIVE!
THIS THING'S FANTASTIC!
LOOK, EDDIE,
AREN'T YOU FORGETTING ANYTHING?
YEAH. I GOT US A NEW GOLDFISH.
HE'S A LOT FEISTIER
THAN THE LAST ONE.
MAYBE 'CAUSE THE LAST ONE
WAS MADE BY PEPPERIDGE FARM.
LOOK, EDDIE, ISN'T
THERE SOMETHING ELSE
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO
BE DOING RIGHT NOW?
WELL, NOT UNLESS
IT'S GOT SOMETHING
TO DO WITH DEHYDRATING, MY MAN
'CAUSE RIGHT NOW,
I'M A DEHYDRATING MANIAC!
YES, YES...
LOOK, YOU HAVE TO
HELP ME OUT HERE.
I THOUGHT WE HAD A DEAL.
UH-UH.
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT IS?
YOUR LAST
ROOMMATE'S KIDNEY?
NO, MAN.
THAT'S A... THAT'S A TOMATO.
THIS ONE DEFINITELY GOES
IN THE DISPLAY.
( squeaking laugh )
( sobbing )
HEY, GUNTHER, LET ME GET
A, UH, LEMONADE TO GO.
LEMONADE?
YOU OKAY, MAN?
CAREER STUFF--
I DON'T KNOW IF YOU HEARD
BUT THEY'VE KILLED OFF
MY CHARACTER ON THE SHOW.
AW, THAT'S TOO BAD.
HOW'D THEY DO IT?
I FELL DOWN AN ELEVATOR SHAFT.
AW, THAT SUCKS.
I WAS BURIED
IN AN AVALANCHE.
WHAT?
I USED TO BE "BRYCE"
ON ALL MY CHILDREN.
( screams )
WHY MUST EVERYBODY
WATCH ME SLEEP?
THERE'LL BE NO MORE
WATCHING ME SLEEP.
NO MORE... WATCHING!
I WA...
NO!
HEY, MAN, I GOT SOME
GREAT STUFF
TO DEHYDRATE.
I GOT SOME GRAPES
GOT SOME APRICOTS.
I THOUGHT IT'D BE REALLY COOL
TO SEE WHAT HAPPENS
WITH THESE
WATER BALLOONS.
GET OUT, GET OUT,
GET OUT, GET OUT!
WHAT?
YOU--
MOVE OUT.
TAKE YOUR FRUIT--
YOUR STUPID SMALL FRUIT--
AND GET OUT!
YOU WANT...
YOU WANT ME TO MOVE OUT?
UH-HUH.
I, UH...
I GOT TO TELL YOU, MAN.
I MEAN, THAT'S KIND OF OUT OF
THE BLUE, DON'T YOU THINK?
THIS IS NOT OUT OF THE BLUE.
THIS IS SMACK-DAB
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BLUE!
WHOA!
RELAX. TAKE IT EASY, BUDDY.
DON'T HAVE TO TELL ME TWICE.
YOU WANT ME TO GO?
ALL RIGHT.
SOMEONE'LL BE BY FOR MY STUFF.
IF YOU THINK FOR ONE SECOND I'M
LEAVING YOU ALONE WITH MY FISH
YOU'RE INSANE, JACK!
YOU WANT SOME HELP?
NO, NO, NO.
NO HELP REQUIRED,
CHICO.
ALL THE WAY
TO AIRPORT, HUH?
YOU KNOW, THAT'S
OVER 30 MILES.
THAT'S GOING TO COST YOU
ABOUT SO BUCKS.
EXCUSE ME. THAT'S 50 BUCKS.
WHAT?
5-0... DOLLARS.
OH. YOU KNOW WHAT IT IS?
IT'S SMUDGY
'CAUSE THEY'RE FAX PAGES.
NOW WHEN I WAS ON
DAYS OF OUR LIVES
AS DR. DRAKE RAMORAY...
THEY'D SEND OVER
THE WHOLE SCRIPT
ON REAL PAPER AND EVERYTHING.
THAT'S GREAT.
SO YOU KNOW, IF YOU WANTED
TO EXPAND THIS SCENE
LIKE HAVE THE CAB CRASH
OR SOMETHING
I COULD ATTEND TO THE VICTIMS
'CAUSE I HAVE A BACKGROUND
IN MEDICAL ACTING.
OKAY, LISTEN,
THANKS FOR COMING IN.
NO, NO. DON'T THANK
ME FOR COMING IN.
UH, LEAST LET ME FINISH.
UH... WE COULD TAKE
THE EXPRESSWAY
BUT, UH, THIS TIME OF DAY
YOU'RE BETTER OFF
TAKING THE BUDGE.
YOU WERE GOING FOR "BRIDGE"
THERE, WEREN'T YOU?
YEAH.
I'LL HAVE A GOOD DAY.
OKAY, QUESTION
NUMBER 28:
"HAVE YOU EVER ALLOWED
A LIGHTNING BEARER
TO TAKE YOUR WIND?"
I WOULD HAVE
TO SAY NO.
AND I WOULD HAVE
TO SAY PA-HA!
WHAT?
DO YOU NOT REMEMBER
THE PUPPET GUY?
YEAH. YOU LIKE TOTALLY
LET HIM WASH HIS FEET
IN THE POOL OF YOUR INNER POWER.
AND HIS PUPPET TOO.
YEAH, WELL, AT LEAST
I DIDN'T LET SOME GUY
INTO THE FOREST OF MY RIGHTEOUS
TRUTH ON THE FIRST DATE.
WHO?!
PAUL!
OH!
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
MOVING ON, MOVING ON.
NEXT QUESTION:
OKAY, NUMBER 29:
"HAVE YOU EVER BETRAYED
ANOTHER GODDESS...
FOR A LIGHTNING BEARER?"
OKAY, NUMBER 30.
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
LET'S GO BACK TO 29.
NOT, UH...
( coughs )
NOT TO... MY RECOLLECTION.
( gasps )
ALL RIGHT,
DANNY ARSHACK,
NINTH GRADE.
YOU KNOW THE BOTTLE WAS
TOTALLY POINTING AT ME.
ONLY 'CAUSE YOU TOOK UP
HALF THE CIRCLE.
( gasps )
LISTEN TO YOU TWO.
IT'S SO SAD. OH.
WELL, LOOKS LIKE
I'M GOING TO BE GOING
TO THE GODDESS MEETINGS ALONE.
YEAH, WELL
NOT WHEN THEY FIND
OUT YOU SLEPT WITH
JASON HURLEY AN HOUR AFTER
HE BROKE UP WITH MONICA.
ONE HOUR?!
YOU ARE SUCH
A LEAF BLOWER!
AAH!
Rachel:
OH!
OOH!
OH, HEY, BE CAREFUL
WITH THAT 3-D "LAST SUPPER."
JUDAS IS A LITTLE LOOSE.
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THEY'RE TAKING
ALL MY STUFF BACK.
I GUESS YOU WERE RIGHT.
NO, LOOK, I WASN'T RIGHT.
THAT'S WHAT I CAME
HERE TO TELL YOU.
I... I WAS
TOTALLY HUNG UP
ON MY OWN STUFF
THE OTHER DAY.
LISTEN. I'M
SOMEONE WHO NEEDS
THE WHOLE SECURITY
THING, YOU KNOW?
TO KNOW EXACTLY WHERE
MY NEXT PAYCHECK
IS COMING FROM
BUT YOU DON'T NEED THAT.
AND THAT'S
AMAZING TO ME.
I COULD NEVER DO
WHAT YOU DO, JOEY.
THANKS, ROSS.
YOU SHOULD HOLD OUT
FOR SOMETHING BIGGER.
I CAN'T TELL YOU HOW
MUCH I RESPECT YOU
FOR NOT GOING TO
THAT STUPID CAB
DRIVER AUDITION.
I WENT.
GREAT! HOW DID IT GO?
I DIDN'T GET IT.
GOOD FOR YOU!
WHAT?
YOU'RE LIVING THE DREAM.
HUH?
ALL RIGHT THEN.
OH, NOT MY PARROT.
WHAT?
I CAN'T WATCH THIS.
HEY, HOLD ON, HOLD ON.
HOW MUCH FOR THE, UH...
HOW MUCH TO
SAVE THE BIRD?
1,200.
DOLLARS?
YOU SPENT $1,200
ON A PLASTIC BIRD?
UH, UH, IT WAS AN IMPULSE BUY--
NEAR THE REGISTER.
GO AHEAD.
GO AHEAD WITH THE BIRD.
IT'S OKAY.
DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING
FOR AROUND 200?
UH...
THE DOG.
HUH?
YEAH.
I'LL TAKE IT.
MY GIFT TO YOU, MAN.
THANKS, ROSS.
YEAH.
I REALLY LIKE
THAT BIRD THOUGH.
BUT THE DOG-- OH...
YEAH, RIGHT.
HERE ARE YOUR CAKES.
WE DIDN'T ORDER CAKE.
NO, I KNOW.
THEY'RE FROM ME.
LOOK, YOU GUYS,
THIS IS NOT GOOD.
WE HAVE ENOUGH TROUBLE
WITH GUYS STEALING OUR WIND
WITHOUT TAKING IT
FROM EACH OTHER.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I LOVE YOU,
GODDESSES.
WE LOVE YOU.
I DON'T EVER WANT
TO SUCK YOUR WIND AGAIN.
OH...
THANK YOU.
SO ARE WE GOOD?
WE'RE GOOD.
WE'RE GOOD?
LET ME TAKE
THESE CAKES BACK
'CAUSE THEY'RE GOING
TO TAKE THAT
OUT OF MY PAYCHECK.
DING-DONG,
THE PSYCHO'S GONE.
ARE YOU SURE THIS TIME?
YES, I ACTUALLY SAW HIM LEAVE.
THAT GUY IS STANDING IN THE
WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD.
HE IS STANDING IN THE WINDOW
HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
HEY, CHECK IT OUT, MAN.
I TORE IT OFF SOME MANNEQUIN
IN THE ALLEY BEHIND MACY'S.
THERE IS
NO ALLEY
BEHIND MACY'S.
SO I GOT IT IN
THE JUNIOR MISS
DEPARTMENT-- BIG DIF.
IT'S GOING TO
MAKE A HELL OF A
CONVERSATION PIECE
AT OUR NEXT
COCKTAIL PARTY, HUH?
OUR NEXT COCKTAIL PARTY?
YEAH, YOU KNOW--
PUT CHIPS IN IT.
WE'LL MAKE IT
LIKE A CHIP CHICK.
EDDIE, DO YOU
REMEMBER YESTERDAY?
UH, YES, I THINK
I VAGUELY RECALL.
( clearing throat )
DO YOU REMEMBER TALKING
TO ME YESTERDAY?
UH, YES.
SO WHAT HAPPENED?
WE TOOK A ROAD TRIP
TO LAS VEGAS, MAN.
OH, SWEET MOSES.
SO ON THIS
ROAD TRIP,
DID YOU GUYS
WIN ANY MONEY?
NAH, I CRAPPED OUT
BUT MR. 21 OVER HERE,
HE CLEANS UP!
300 BUCKS! HE BUYS
ME THESE NEW SHOES.
NICE.
YEAH.
SEE YOU UPSTAIRS.
SEE YOU, PALS.
IS ANYONE ELSE STARTING
TO REALLY LIKE HIM?
OH, NO...
MAY I HELP YOU?
WHY DOESN'T MY KEY WORK
AND WHAT'S ALL MY STUFF
DOING DOWNSTAIRS?
OH, I'M SORRY.
UH...
HAVE WE MET?
IT'S EDDIE, YOU FREAK,
YOUR ROOMMATE.
I'M SORRY. I, UH...
I ALREADY HAVE A ROOMMATE.
HELLO.
YEAH. HE'S LIVED HERE
FOR YEARS.
I DON'T...
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT, MAN.
NO, NO, 'CAUSE, UH...
NO, HE.. HE MOVED OUT...
AND I MOVED IN.
WELL, I...
I THINK WE'D REMEMBER
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
I KNOW I WOULD.
OH, THAT'S A...
THAT'S A GOOD POINT.
UM... OKAY.
WOW. I GUESS I GOT THE WRONG...
APARTMENT THEN.
I'M...
LOOK, I'M...
YOU KNOW, I'M SORRY.
HEY, NO PROBLEM.
SEE YA.
GOOD-BYE,
YOU FRUIT-DRYING PSYCHOPATH.
SO, YOU WANT ME TO HELP
YOU UNPACK YOUR STUFF?
NAH, NAH, I'M OKAY.
OH, AND, UH...
JUST SO YOU KNOW
I'M NOT MOVING BACK IN
BECAUSE I HAVE TO.
I MEAN,
I DO HAVE TO, BUT...
IT'S JUST THAT THAT PLACE,
IT WASN'T REALLY...
I MEAN, THIS IS...
WELCOME HOME, MAN.
A LITTLE FOOS?
ABSOLUTELY.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE FOOSBALL?
UH, IT'S A CANTALOUPE.
WILL WE HAVE
TO BRING THIS OUT
EVERY TIME
ROSS COMES OVER?
HE PAID A LOT
OF MONEY FOR IT.
I'M GOING TO HOLD HIM
A DIFFERENT WAY.
LOOK, I DON'T
UNDERSTAND.
IF YOU HATED
IT SO MUCH
WHY DID YOU BUY IT
IN THE FIRST PLACE?
I HAD A WHOLE CERAMIC ZOO
THING GOING OVER THERE, BUT...
NOW WITHOUT THE OTHER ONES,
IT JUST LOOKS TACKY.
SO IS HE HOUSE TRAINED,
OR IS HE GOING TO LEAVE
LITTLE BATHROOM
TILES ALL OVER
THE PLACE?
STAY.
UH, STAY.
GOOD FAKE DOG.